Now, let's talk about Exposure.
Do you remember from the introductory lesson the definition of probability of occurrence,
probability of occurrence actually measures how often or
how long drivers would find themselves in a specific situation?
For example, driving on a freeway parked in a parking lot,
or driving on a wet road.
Exposure is defined exactly like how
we define probability of occurrence in the introductory lesson.
Exposure has scale from E0 to E4.
For our lane departure warning example,
the situation involved highway driving on VicRoads.
According to functional safety standard,
driving on VicRoads is E3.
The chart below gives a sense of how to determine exposure levels.